Neil's overall competition battle plan, with thoughts written down in order from easiest to most intense.

Zeroth, let's take the last 20% of each video and set it aside from training. We will call this 
our internal cross-validation set. When we have a production-worthy model we can train on the 
full 100% of the training data to eke out the last bit of performance.

First, let's do a batch processing of the images with the labeled ground truth bounding boxes 
to make sure our coordinates and visual intuition is right.

Second, as a warm up exercise lets pull out a set of set of sub-images with starfish and without 
starfish. Let’s train a basic ResNet34 on this mini-dataset to do classification for starfish vs. 
no starfish in the sub-images.

We can submit a basic grid search solution based on this algorithm just to test out the submission 
API and get ourselves formally on the leaderboard.

Third, after this works lets move everything to a Google colab notebook and do training on their GPUs.

Fourth, we want to move from processing subsections of the images to doing captioning of the full 
image at once. This probably involves implementing a UNet with a ResNet backbone. There are 
potentially a ton of hyperparameters to check. We will probably want to annotate individual pixels 
or small sub-blocks as containing starfish or not, then manually merge these into overall bounding 
blocks that we submit to the test API.

Fifth, do we implement a transformer-based architecture to use information from previous images to 
annotate the present image? I'm not actually sure what this would look like.

Other questions:

1) Do we use data augmentation? If so, how? Random rotations are probably useful, random 
deformations are probably useful, color augmentations may not be. We could try 
"level of blue-ness" or "light / dark" as color augmentations.

2) Do we attempt to "improve" the localization of the bounding boxes so that it only contains the 
starfish itself? This could yield a marginally better training set.

3) There is almost certainly information to be gained by using the previous several video frames to reinforce 
or discourage the current image frame from claiming there is a starfish. I wonder if there is a way to 
"register" the frames together so that an area in one frame can be unambiguously matched to the same 
area in subsequent frames.

Other notes:

There are more prizes to be won for people using TensorFlow as opposed to PyTorch for this competition, 
so I say we just do that. I'm happy to be convinced otherwise. We could always be ML hipsters and use PyTorch 
in a TensorFlow competition.